README.md, before:

# 3DS Activity Log

> [!WARNING]
> The README below is WIP, might contain random notes.

https://3dbrew.org/wiki/System_SaveData

This clearly lists the Playtime data is in the `nand:/data/<ID0>/sysdata/00010022/`

I was being dumb and searched in `0x00020202 	0x00020212 	0x00020222 	Activity Log application savegame` only to find `pld.dat` containing the app's save

Now I have the `Pedometer.dat` and `PlayHistory.dat` files

Parsing Pedometer.dat has been unsuccessful so far, PlayHistory.dat is a success

https://www.3dbrew.org/wiki/PTM_Savegame

Thanks to TollyH https://gbatemp.net/threads/playhistory-dat-timestamp.580853/post-10297936

and https://gbatemp.net/threads/playhistory-dat-timestamp.580853/post-10085500 for the gm9 script

## Steps to get your .dat files

1. Clone this repo
2. `cd src && mkdir in` (we will store the file from 3DS in here)
3. Get your `00000000` file (PTM savegame data)
   a. Copy the gm9 script (I bear no responsibility, ask smudge) and run it
   b. Or go to `nand:/data/<ID0>/sysdata/00010022/` and copy the `00000000` file to your computer at `src/in` (in your cloned (this) repo)
4. `cd ..` (go back to root of the cloned repo)
5. `git clone https://github.com/wwylele/3ds-save-tool.git` at the root of the (cloned) repo (to extract contents out of `00000000`)
6. `mkdir src/data` (will store extracted output here)
7. `cd 3ds-save-tool`
8. `python disa-extract.py ../src/in/00000000 ../src/data/`
9. See you have both the files in `src/data` (`PlayHistory.dat` and `Pedometer.dat`)

## Convert PlayHistory.dat to PlayHistory.csv

1. `cd src`
2. `python playhistory.py`
3. See you have your `data/playhistory.csv` file
4. Open the web ui and upload this csv file!

## Next target

Make a 3DS themed website (WIP)

## Credits (WIP)

For being to extract the data at all
https://github.com/wwylele/3ds-save-tool

Primary Title List
https://github.com/hax0kartik/3dsdb (a little bit modified)
https://github.com/ghost-land/3dsdb

For secondary title list
https://3dsdb.com/

Will use as an API
https://api.ghseshop.cc/
https://github.com/ghost-land/3dsdbapi

Had used but doesn't has titleids
https://db.universal-team.net/data/full.json

For homebrew titles (Will Use)
https://wiki.hacks.guide/wiki/User:ItsCrocoSwine/3DS_homebrew_title_information

Not Used yet
https://www.gamebrew.org/wiki/List_of_3DS_homebrew_applications

Has it all, but no title ids
https://www.gametdb.com/3DS/List

Commit message:

fix issues with timezone
- probably have to let user select their timezone or identify since 3ds doesn't has any tz at all - 3ds doesn't obey any
tz, user just sets time, and AL writes timestamps based on that time, hence user's respective timezone (in which they
would expect the time to be)

README.md, after:

# 3DS Activity Log

> [!WARNING]
> The README below is WIP, might contain random notes.

https://3dbrew.org/wiki/System_SaveData

This clearly lists the Playtime data is in the `nand:/data/<ID0>/sysdata/00010022/`

I was being dumb and searched in `0x00020202 	0x00020212 	0x00020222 	Activity Log application savegame` only to find `pld.dat` containing the app's save

Now I have the `Pedometer.dat` and `PlayHistory.dat` files

Parsing Pedometer.dat has been unsuccessful so far, PlayHistory.dat is a success

https://www.3dbrew.org/wiki/PTM_Savegame

Thanks to TollyH https://gbatemp.net/threads/playhistory-dat-timestamp.580853/post-10297936

and https://gbatemp.net/threads/playhistory-dat-timestamp.580853/post-10085500 for the gm9 script

## Steps to get your .dat files

1. Clone this repo
2. `cd src && mkdir in` (we will store the file from 3DS in here)
3. Get your `00000000` file (PTM savegame data)
   a. Copy the gm9 script (I bear no responsibility, ask smudge) and run it
   b. Or go to `nand:/data/<ID0>/sysdata/00010022/` and copy the `00000000` file to your computer at `src/in` (in your cloned (this) repo)
4. `cd ..` (go back to root of the cloned repo)
5. `git clone https://github.com/wwylele/3ds-save-tool.git` at the root of the (cloned) repo (to extract contents out of `00000000`)
6. `mkdir src/data` (will store extracted output here)
7. `cd 3ds-save-tool`
8. `python disa-extract.py ../src/in/00000000 ../src/data/`
9. See you have both the files in `src/data` (`PlayHistory.dat` and `Pedometer.dat`)

## Convert PlayHistory.dat to PlayHistory.csv

1. `cd src`
2. `python playhistory.py`
3. See you have your `data/playhistory.csv` file
4. Open the web ui and upload this csv file!

## Notes (to self)

- probably have to let user select their timezone or identify since 3ds doesn't has any tz at all
- 3ds doesn't obey any tz, user just sets time, and AL writes timestamps based on that time, hence user's respective timezone (in which they would expect the time to be)

## Next target

Make a 3DS themed website (WIP)

## Credits (WIP)

For being to extract the data at all
https://github.com/wwylele/3ds-save-tool

Primary Title List
https://github.com/hax0kartik/3dsdb (a little bit modified)
https://github.com/ghost-land/3dsdb

For secondary title list
https://3dsdb.com/

Will use as an API
https://api.ghseshop.cc/
https://github.com/ghost-land/3dsdbapi

Had used but doesn't has titleids
https://db.universal-team.net/data/full.json

For homebrew titles (Will Use)
https://wiki.hacks.guide/wiki/User:ItsCrocoSwine/3DS_homebrew_title_information

Not Used yet
https://www.gamebrew.org/wiki/List_of_3DS_homebrew_applications

Has it all, but no title ids
https://www.gametdb.com/3DS/List
